Learn.
Welcome back to the advanced course in our program.
And today we're talking about lists.
So let's jump straight into it at the top over here I've copied in the deliverable for this section
and we need to deliver a list with the following components.
Now I know that we haven't talked about lists yet and we don't even know what they are.
But at the same time let's go through the components because they will be familiar with them.
And as we go through them it will kind of start helping us build a picture of what enlistees.
So we need to deliver a character which will be the machine name a vector which will contain the mean
minimum Amine and the maximum utilization for the month for that machine excluding the unknown hours
.
Then we need to do deliver a logical value which will tell the reader of this information whether utilization
has ever fallen below 90 percent within that month.
So it has to be a true false value.
Then we need to deliver another vector which contains all hours where he told zation is unknown.
So basically NA's in our data for that specific machine then we need to deliver a data frame for this
mission so kind of a subset of our original doorframe and then we need to deliver a plot which will
contain visuals for all of the machines.
So as you can see when we go through all these elements we know each one of them we've talked about
characters vector's logicals Viktors doorframes and plot's.
The only question is how do they all become components of a list and what does that mean.
Well that's what we'll find out in this section of the course.
But for now let's get started reflowing the data and preparing for our analysis.
All right so here I've got the magic lines of setting a working directory.
We've done this many times already so let's just go ahead and run the correct line.
So check it working directory if it is not the correct part for me as you can see it's really the correct
path.
Then just run one of these lines if you're on a Mac then a line like this.
And if you're on Windows then something like that.
And once you've run your line just make sure that the working directory is correct.
So that should be the folder where you put the file that you downloaded for the section.
All right so now let's create a doorframe and load our data in there.
So we're just going to call you til short for utilization and we're going say read dot CSV here same
machine you delete zation dot SEUS we run that line there we can see that our utilizations over there
and now we can actually get rid of these windows.
We don't really need them.
As you can see in this course we're getting quite advanced.
We're just working with the main window and the console most of the time.
And by the way that's also a reason why it's good to have the console underneath because you can very
quickly get rid of Windows on the right which you don't need sometimes.
So there we go oh Util data set is there.
Now let's check the top couple of rows that say 12.
What do they look like.
So here you can see that we've got a time stamp the machine name and the percentage of idle.
So the percentage of utilization that was idle in that specific hour.
OK.
So that's good.
Now let's look at SDR for you still.
So we've got time stamp machine percent idle.
Great.
And let's have a look at summary for you still.
All right.
There we go so machine names.
This is a good check right away is quite useful so far isn't that useful in this case.
But a summary is useful because we can see that each machine has 720 records which is good meaning that's
one hour.
So every single hour of the month has a record for each one of these machines.
It be a bit odd if one of them had more or less than percent idle.
So you've got the percentages which might be useful.
So but the other important thing here is that we do have quite a few names and timestamp.
It is recognized as a factor at this stage but that is something we will talk about in an upcoming tutorial
.
For now what we do need to do is when we're talking about utilization in this section of the course
right.
But in order to say we've only got a percentage idle capacity for that specific hour so better look
at this part.
So here we can see that 1.9 percent 1.9 percent 2.1 percent 1.3 percent.
So all of this is like the bad stuff how the machine was not working.
What we need is the utilization So we need one minus this number so this is if the maximum is 100 percent
then this is how much it wasn't working in that hour or so we need to subtract that from 100 percent
.
So let's go ahead and derive utilization call them.
So here we're going to practice a little bit how to add columns to our door frame so we how are you
.
All right.
And how do we add in your column.
Well just basically we're just going say dollar sign utilization we will treat it as if it's already
there.
So one minus you till almost 9 percent idle.
If we run that and now we have a look at the top rolls for it all.
You'll see that we've got and you call them utilization which is equal to 1 minus percent idle.
So that's a bit of data preparation for us and now we have something to work.
You've got these time stamps we've got the utilization with the machine name.
And from here we can proceed with our analysis.
All right as loaded a bit of preparation done.
And I look forward to seeing an external Until then happy coding